Maestro was born to a small cosmopolitan family that worked as traders, traveling constantly to bring needed supplies to various outer colony worlds. Growing up, Maestro never experienced living on a planet, but he didn’t mind. The constant travel and the thrill of the unknown suited him just fine. This is until he was 16, and his family was ambushed by pirates who weren’t interested in the usual bribes and wanted everything. His parents tried to flee but were caught, and only barely managed to send Maestro out in an escape pod before they were boarded. The pirates didn’t bother to go after his pod, and luckily Maestro was found by a union ship and rescued. This taught Maestro a valuable lesson: Space had many wonders and excitement, but it was also dangerous!

Determined to travel still but with a healthy respect for the dangers that were now out among the stars, Maestro started to study in earnest, growing to love the Union’s vision of the galaxy and what it wanted for it and determined to do his part. When he became of age, he joined Union, trying various things before finally finding his place on FFTs, where he could truly channel his love of travel and discovery. He did this for several years, finding and investigating several planets and even becoming a Far-Field Team Leader. However, history seemed determined to repeat itself as. Once more, Maestro’s ship and team came under attack by pirates and, though the soldiers with them were able to fend off the pirate’s boarding parties,several members of his  team died during the assault.

Although torn up and in grief at his own failure to protect his team, Maestro wouldn’t dishonor their memory by allowing it to destroy him. He was more determined than ever to never be preyed on again, and thus shifted his focus to becoming a lancer, determined to help combat the pirate threat in the galaxy and help spread Union’s gifts throughout all of human space